# ARG
The RTCU MX2 turbo is one of the most advanced RTCU devices available today.  It has been designed for a broad variety of advanced telemetry / telematics applications and is made according to the highest technical standards for professional automotive and industrial use. This is the first device to use the new NX32 Execution Architecture,  that includes Intellisync Project Drive synchronization. The RTCU MX2 turbo is offering a long range of new features and performance improvements while still resting on the proven track-record and confidence of the former RTCU MX2i series.  The RTCU MX2 turbo uses the next generation NX32 execution model and is fully backward compatible with the X32 execution model of the former RTCU MX2i series. Existing software will therefore be able to operate without any changes or costly re-testing. Mechanically and electrically the RTCU MX2 turbo is fully back-ward compatible with the former RTCU MX2i pro and constitutes therefore a direct plug-in replacement.  The RTCU MX2 turbo is designed for a broad variety of advanced telemetry / telematics applications and has been designed according to the highest technical standards for professional automotive and industrial use. The product has all necessary regulatory approvals – including 2004/104/EC / UN ECE R10 – edition 5 and CE mark.  For demanding applications the RTCU MX2 turbo operates with 3G/UMTS and is also available in a version with World-wide Quad-band GSM. The positioning is enhanced with a state-of-the-art GNSS receiver with GPS, GALILEO, GLONASS and QZSS support. 
